Control-Tower Changes - Migrating from AWS API polling integrations to Metrics Streaming (#32)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-ct-newrelic-one: docs/partner_editable/architecture.adoc

* A dead letter queue collects messages that the New Relic register Lambda function fails to process.
* A NerdGraph API key secret is retrieved from AWS Secrets Manager (not shown). The New Relic register Lambda function calls the New Relic NerdGraph mutation endpoint to link your AWS account with your New Relic account.
* A New Relic onboarding Lambda function invokes the stack SNS topic and provides input to the New Relic StackSet, which includes a cross-account IAM role.

> * The New Relic StackSet creates a New Relic IAM cross-account role, CloudWatch Metric Stream, FireHose Delivery Stream and their respective Roles to stream metrics to NewRelic Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The New Relic stack set creates an IAM cross-account role, an AWS CloudWatch metric stream, a Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream, and respective roles to deliver metrics to the New Relic platform.
```
